and this is
[Music]
hello and welcome back to learning
English with Minecraft my name is Kenzo
Miss is English from the ground up so in
the last episode I searched for a place
to live and built a basic house in
between the last video and now I've
played a little bit and I'll show you
what I did so first of all I chopped
down all these trees all these trees
I felt a little bit like Jared bolsonaro
chopping down this entire Forest but I
did replant the saplings so
these trees will regrow
and with all the wood
I built
the roof
the roof of the house
another thing that I did was move all
the sugar cane over here
before the sugar cane was over there and
I moved it over here on this side of the
river
so this is the new house I finally
finished the roof the roof
there's
still not any Windows there's no windows
and I'll explain why a little bit later
and the last thing that I did off camera
was start a mine
right here I started on mine so I want
this to go all the way to the bottom of
the world so that I can quickly get to a
place where I can search for diamonds
and Redstone mainly I also did a little
bit more fishing and collected some more
food
so in this video I won't have to search
for food all the time
and I put everything in this chest
while I was fishing I caught some
strange things like
a magical bow
and name tags that I can use to name
different things
so in this video I have two main goals
the first one is to explore a cave and
hopefully to find some valuable
resources like iron and coal and the
second goal is to finish the windows on
my house
and
to do that I first need to collect coal
which is partially why I need to explore
a cave but right now
I'm going to sleep so the first goal is
to explore a cave so I think the
quickest way to find a cave might be to
continue digging in the mine that I
started earlier so I'm going to continue
digging down here oh
oh yeah
I also need coal to build torches
because right now in the dark I can't
see anything
still digging still digging
I can't see anything it's so dark
I really wish I had some torches right
now
another reason why I want to continue
digging down in this cave is because
right now I don't have a map and I am
terrible with directions so I need to
stay close by to my house in order to
find my way back
oh
I found Cole finally
finally now I can build torches watch
coal and sticks
make torches I can see finally I can see
again
oh
and my pickaxe broke
and now I need to go back up to my house
to build another pickaxe
now it's time to build another pickaxe
I'm going to build several pickaxes
right now because they break easily
so I'm going to build three new pickaxes
there we go
and back to the mine
it's very nice to be able to see
I wonder how much coal there is right
here
looks like a lot
more cool
all right
let's see
22 coal
there was 22 colvare
and now I'm going to continue digging
down hopefully I find some iron iron is
the next or that I am searching for
because iron tools are a lot better than
stone tools
and I think you need iron in order to
mine diamonds
I still haven't found a cave
no caves yet
still no caves
and I'm almost through my first pickaxe
and there it is
okay on to the second pickaxe
oh
that was a scary sound
so this is copper and I don't think that
copper is super useful but I will
collect some copper
okay
I have 36 copper now
cool
and I'm going to continue digging
downward
I also found this golden helmet when I
was off camera
I think that I got this gold helmet from
a zombie that I killed
and now I'm going to put it on
there we go so now I have one armor one
armor
okay I'm still digging
still digging down
now all the stone is cobbled deep slate
which is
a little bit different I think that
means that I'm getting deep
oh
okay
well that was my last pickaxe so now I
need to build another one
let's see actually right now I'm going
to go back to my house because my
inventory is full it's completely full
so now I'm going back home
it's daytime
I can see clouds
and the blue sky
I'm going to put all the things that I
don't need inside a chest right now so
to go adventuring I need tools I need
food
torches and wood I'll need wood to build
things underground
so everything else I'm going to put
inside a chest
spider eyes Granite copper name tags
puffer fish rotten flesh stairs oh so
this chest is full so I'm going to build
another chest
with eight wood planks
one two three four five six seven eight
pieces of wood makes a chest
and I can put two chests next to each
other and make one bigger chest
like that so now it holds twice as much
so I can put all these things inside
diorite Cobblestone more stone stone
doors stairs
okay
everything else is good
I'm going to take two Stone swords maybe
a little bit a little bit more wood
okay so now I'm going back down into the
mine
come down we go
and back to digging
hopefully I can find something
interesting down here
oh iron
okay finally we found iron okay only two
pieces of iron but better than nothing
hopefully I find more iron
whoa
what is this what is this white stone
amethyst
wow
listen to the sound it makes when you
walk on top of amethyst
amethyst shards
wow
this is beautiful
well I don't know what you can do with
amethyst but this is awesome I'll
remember where this is
[Music]
oh okay here's something
there's light down there
oh okay
we found a Cave System
hey it's lapis lapis lazuli lazuli
hmm
lapis lazuli all right I have 20 lapis
lazuli awesome
oh it's lava
so lava is what was making it light down
here
whoa
this is a little bit dangerous but I'm
going to build a bridge across this lava
with stone
this is scary
oof
hopefully there are no skeletons here
okay it looks like we're safe
it looks like we're safe
hopefully there are no skeletons here
there's water
wow hey it's redstone
and this is
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no
oh
there was a skeleton right there
that shot me into the lava and I almost
died
oh dear
that was close
I need to eat
I need to eat so that I can regain my
strength
wow
skeletons are the worst that is the
closest we've gotten to dying yet
all right I'm gonna go
where is he
where is it
there you are
I'm gonna kill him with my sword
I'm terrible at this
okay
wow
this is a huge cave
so for now I'm going to mine this gold
and this redstone
oh
I forgot that you can't mine gold with
stone tools
you need iron
so really I need to find more iron right
now
because I think the same is true with
redstone
so I'm going to search for more iron
zombies
wow
this place is very dangerous
this place is horrifying
it's completely dark and it's infested
with monsters
more lapis
okay
there's iron
wow there are so many monsters here
oh oh
I'm using my pickaxe as a weapon because
my sword broke
I hear a little zombie somewhere the
little zombies are the most scary
because they're the fastest
okay I'm going to quickly get this iron
just one piece
just one piece of iron
there he is
got him
all right
we're doing good
okay we're still doing good
oh
foreign
I missed the witch
okay
the witches are the most dangerous
because they throw potions that can
poison you
so
I need to shoot the witches when I see
them
[Music]
foreign
so many zombies
wow
more iron
great
we need more iron
oh there's iron okay we're finding more
iron now which is good
okay so now we're up to 11 iron now I
have enough iron to build iron tools and
I also have coal so now I think I'm
going to go back to my house and finish
the windows because I'm going to need an
iron pickaxe before I can mine a lot of
the resources down here for now I'm
going back up to the surface to finish
building the windows to my house
oh no
the glowing squid just died inside the
wall
what is this
a glowing ink sack interesting okay
once I have an iron pickaxe I'll come
back here and mine all this gold and
redstone
okay now back up the long staircase and
we're back back to the house
close the doors close close all right
so the first thing that I'm going to do
is start cooking some of the sand inside
the furnace using coal as fuel
sand
so once the sand smelts inside the
furnace then it'll become glass and I
can use the glass to build windows but
this is going to take a long time to
smelt all this glass so in the meanwhile
I'm going to do a little bit more
fishing
salmon
another salmon
oh
a saddle you can use a saddle to ride
certain animals like horses and even
pigs this is cool
salmon
oh
a water bottle okay
well
always stay hydrated always drink enough
water
that's important to remember thank you
Minecraft
oh
a bull nice
okay so now it's getting dark and
it's about to get very dangerous so
that means it's time to sleep
and in the morning I think the glass
will be ready let's see
38 glass okay that should be enough
so I'm going to place all the windows
one two
up there is going to be the most
difficult
I'm gonna have to jump jump up and place
it
jump jump jump
okay that side is finished and now the
other side
one one two jump jump
one two all right
now all the windows are finished
right here I'm going to leave open
because I think I'm going to turn this
into a little balcony I think I'll build
a staircase that leads up there and the
last thing that I want to do in this
video is replace the floor of my house I
don't want to leave it just sand first
I'm going to build a shovel because
shovels
dig up sand way faster
so
I'm going to dig up this entire floor
all right
all right and now I'm going to replace
all the floor with Polish deep slate
all right and it's finished now all the
floor is polished deep slate and I think
that it looks great much better than
just sand and we also can start smelting
some of the iron
inside the furnace so now the iron is
smelting into
iron ingots
right here iron ingots so soon I'll be
able to build all iron tools which are a
lot better
so
I explored a cave and also finished the
windows to the house
so I accomplished both tasks that I had
for this video if you liked this video
you can subscribe to my channel by
clicking up here and if you want to
continue learning you can watch my last
video about a hidden benefit to learning
English so thank you so much for
watching and I will see you again in the
next video
see ya